Add the security guidelines to the readme (#107)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: README.adoc

[[security-guidelines]]
=== Security guidelines for writing error messages

* Be informative but not too revealing.
Error messages should provide enough information for users to understand what went wrong and possibly how to correct it, but they should not disclose sensitive information that could aid an attacker.
For instance, instead of saying "Invalid username," use "Invalid username or password."

* Avoid technical jargon.
Use plain language that is easily understandable by all users.
Avoid technical terms that could confuse users or reveal too much about the underlying architecture.

* Use generic responses for security-related errors.
For login errors, password validations, or any security-related processes, use generic error messages.
For example, use "Login failed" instead of specifying whether the username or password was incorrect.

* Do not expose internal information.
Never reveal information about the internal state of the application, like file paths, database information, or stack traces, as these can provide attackers with clues about potential vulnerabilities.
Stack traces are safe to have in debug.log but nowhere else.

> * Do not use error messages from underlying libraries/dependencies (e.g. Java runtime errors) but always catch the error and throw your own error message.
> 
> * For wrapped errors, it is safe to reuse error messages only if they are coming from Neo4j, i.e. have a status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not use error messages from underlying libraries/dependencies (e.g. Java runtime errors) but always catch the error and throw your own error message. It is safe to reuse error messages only if they are coming from Neo4j, i.e. have a Neo4j status code.
```
